04/07/14
Transferred inital Graphics
Implemented Drawing mechanics
Completed conversion of Level Class
Level loading is piss poor
Implemented Enemy class
Created a Vector2 class which emulates the one found in the XNA framework - Converted all instances of Points to Vector2's
Redid Level loading code so it runs, still needs work to make it a nice system.

05/07/14
Imported more of the graphics: towers, bullets etc.
Implemented the wave, wavemanager, tower, basic tower, and bullet class.
Wave class now works.
Reorganised classes into a better file structure.
Continued to develop the Vector2 class as it's functionality needed expansion.
Implemented rotation code for bullets: Pretty sure it won't work.

07/07/14
Gun now rotates correctly.
Bullets now travel in the correct direction.
Began to impliment slow tower: Works, but does not slow.
Bullets damage and kill enemies. Hard to tell without Healthbars.
Slow tower now correctly slows enemies. Currently only targets enemies without a modifier attarched via a TEMP method.
Need to remove this temp method and make it so it only targets enemies if it's modifier is better than the one currently affecting the enemy. 
Began using a new rotation method that works without clipping.
Transparency, Clipping, Scaling issues and all graphics related errors are now fixed.

08/07/14
Implimented a radius feature.


12/07/14
Integrated Player.cs into Mainstate.cs: it was superflurous to have them seperate.
Implimented a basic Toolbar graphic.

23/07/14
Implimented the upgrade tower visual code: need to find a way of setting Opacity in the Tower class, current method does not work.
Altered tower code so that the graphics are not required to be passed to a tower when it is created.
Began to impliment a GUI Input system.
Renamed classes to conform to the X_Y_Z.cs name structure.
Changed State Changing from accessing a property to a method - this allows the buttons list to be automatically cleared when changing a state.
Converted Play button on MainMenu to use the new system.










TODO:
Better wave spawning system: Player initialised waves, multiple waves onscreen etc.
Input
Tower Upgrades
Healthbars

